add announcement for Python 3.10.7 and others (#1845)
conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io: src/user/announcements.rst

2022
----

2022-11-04: Releasing Python 3.8.14, 3.9.14, and 3.10.7
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The CPython versions 3.8.14, 3.9.14, and 3.10.7 were cut some weeks ago to mitigate `CVE-2020-10735 <https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2020-10735>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CPython versions 3.8.14, 3.9.14, and 3.10.7 were released some weeks ago to mitigate `CVE-2020-10735 <https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2020-10735>`__.
```

Reviewer 2: I feel like we need another sentence between this one and the next explaining why the CVE fix is remotely controversial, in a way that attempts to be balanced? Something like:

> The mitigation strategy involves [applying a new limit to the maximum length of input strings][1] allowed in most conversions of strings to integers. These releases have proven to be unusually controversial because the mitigation breaks some use-cases supported by existing packages, such as SymPy, and opinions in the community vary as to the severity of the associated security vulnerability. Some Python distributors, [such as Ubuntu][2], have taken the rare step of removing the CVE mitigation from their packages to avoid possible breakage in existing installations."

[1]: https://docs.python.org/release/3.10.7/whatsnew/3.10.html#notable-security-feature-in-3-10-7
[2]: https://ubuntu.com/security/CVE-2020-10735

Author: I'd rather not get into details in the announcement. We have linked at the decision PR, where all that information can be found if needed.

Reviewer 2: That makes sense to me, but I do think the first paragraph as-is is confusing: "why would they even think about removing the bugfix???" Maybe a reordering would be a bit clearer:

```
The CPython versions 3.8.14, 3.9.14, and 3.10.7 were released some weeks ago to mitigate
`CVE-2020-10735 <https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2020-10735>`__.
The chosen mitigation strategy might cause errors (e.g. ``ValueError: Exceeds the limit (4300) for 
integer string conversion``) in some libraries. 

The conda-forge team `has decided <https://github.com/conda-forge/python-feedstock/pull/579>`__ to build and publish these releases  *without* removing the bug fix for this CVE.
If you are affected by the change in behavior, please read the `announcement <https://docs.python.org/release/3.10.7/whatsnew/3.10.html#notable-security-feature-in-3-10-7>`__ 
and learn about the available workarounds in the  `CPython documentation <https://docs.python.org/3/library/stdtypes.html#integer-string-conversion-length-limitation>`__.
```

Reviewer 3: I would just write that sentence without "remove":
```
The conda-forge team `has decided <https://github.com/conda-forge/python-feedstock/pull/579>`__ to build and publish these releases, with the bug fix for this CVE *included*.
```

Author: Ok I followed your advice @pkgw and rephrased a bit to avoid double negations. Let me know what you think, but we should put this out as soon as possible so it actually works as a heads-up :D

Reviewer 2: Thanks!

> The conda-forge team `has decided <https://github.com/conda-forge/python-feedstock/pull/579>`__ to build and publish these releases verbatim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The conda-forge team `has decided <https://github.com/conda-forge/python-feedstock/pull/579>`__ to build and publish these releases 
without removing the bug fix for this CVE.
```

Reviewer 2: Suggest also adding emphasis to *without*.
